When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  When I want to work from more than one computer (for example from computer at work and from laptop at home...). 
  When I work in team, it's easier to collaborate using remotes.
  When I want to be sure that my code is stored safely in cloud but not only in my local machine.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	Because automatic updates can break my code. Or they may include changes(new features, etc.) that I do not want to be in my branch. Also when I pull changes manually I know exactly that the code have changed and what are the changes. When it's happen automatically I might not notice it at all. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	Fork is a GitHub feature, it makes copy of repository on Github. Clone makes copy of repository from remote or local repository. Branch feature is inside one repository. Fork I would use if I don't have permissions to make changes in original repository and original repository is located on Github. Clone I would use to make copy of repository on my local machine for making changes and then push them to origin. Branch I would use to try experimental features, etc. inside one repository on my local machine.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	The benefit is that I can work offline with the version of code of origin since I last time synced. Also I can first fetch changes from origin and use git diff and git statuc locally to have clear understanding of what changes were made. And only then do merging this changes to my code.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?	
	I would use another version controls system like Mercurial because it's very difficult to collaborate with other people without using version control. The only thing that is easier is to start because you don't need the knowledge of Git, version controls and so on. Other things will be harder because it will be needed a lot of communication and code sharing without any tracking. So there is a high risk of loosing some parts of the code, making code unstable, forgetting about why some things were done and so on.
